Hello, my name is Prathyusha Yanala,currently working in Walmart and I have nine years of full-stack java development expertise.
I've worked in a various domains throughout my career, including finance and healthcare and served as both frontend and backend developer acclording to the requirement.
Through out my career I have worked on different technologies like  Angular, HTML, CSS, JS, bootstrap, jquery, and Java, Spring, SpringBoot, microservices, APIs, and data-driven systems .When it comes to databases, I have experience with SQL NO SQL, Oracle, and DynamoDB.

Additionally, major AWS services like EC2, S3, lambda, ECR, and ECS were used for infrastructure and deployment operations, along with CI/CD tools for deployment purposes. And also, I have set up the necessary infrastructure to host the application in a variety of lower and higher settings. I also took part in investigating the production flaws.


Project:

One of the projects I have worked are Client Transfer Application which is an intranet application to serve different money transfer transactions like ACH,wires,Checks and journals.
It is a single page web application which is developed using AngularJS and also separate webpages were developed for different money transfer transactions which can be used by financial advisors,bank specialists and field officers.
I worked as the backend developer and developed the microservices and also involved in some of the frontend modules development.We developed different types of transactions using microservices which are hosted on the cloud.
We used AWS, Relational DB which are sequel server DB instances. We also have Redis cache in front of all our DBs which handle all our read operations.
We have separate DB instances for all read and write operations. 
And all the microservices which are hosted on AWS are hosted on auto scaling group, each microservices have their own scaling policies which are auto scaling group policies (JSON policies) to scale in and scale out instances
